docs - consolidate database connection settings (#27881)
metabase/metabase: docs/databases/connections/snowflake.md

# Snowflake

To add a database connection, click on the **gear** icon in the top right, and navigate to **Admin settings** > **Databases** > **Add a database**.

## Settings

You can edit these settings at any time. Just remember to save your changes.

### Display name

What you want Metabase to call the database in its user interface.

### Account name

Enter your Account ID with the region that your Snowflake cluster is running on. E.g., `xxxxxxxxx.us-east-3.aws`.

> This field requires the alphanumeric account ID _with_ the region that your Snowflake cluster is running on. For example, if you're running Snowflake on AWS and your account URL is `https://az12345.ca-central-1.snowflakecomputing.com`, then the `Account` would be `az12345.ca-central-1.aws` (note the `.aws` suffix). There are some regions that don't need this suffix, so please [refer to the official Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html#locator-formats-by-cloud-platform-and-region) for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enter your Snowflake [Account Identifier](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html). For example, if you're running Snowflake on AWS and your account URL is `https://az12345.ca-central-1.snowflakecomputing.com`:
- `<account_identifier>`: `az12345.ca-central-1`.
- `<cloud_platform>`: `aws`.

You'd enter `az12345.ca-central-1.aws` as the account name in Metabase.

> Not all regions require the cloud platform identifier. If you are in `us-west-2`, you would enter `az12345` as the account name. For the requirements per region, see [the official Snowflake's documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier.html#non-vps-account-locator-formats-by-cloud-platform-and-region).
```

Might as well update this, it was in the backlog already. For reference: https://discourse.metabase.com/t/time-out-snowflake-connection/23295.

For the **Only these** and **All except** options, you can input a comma-separated list of values to tell Metabase which schemas you want to include (or exclude). For example:

```
FOO,BAR,BAZ
```

You can use the `*` wildcard to match multiple schemas.

Let's say you have three schemas: FOO, BAR, and BAZ.

- If you have **Only these...** set, and enter the string `B*`, you'll sync with bar and baz.
- If you have **All except...** set, and enter the string `B*`, you'll just sync foo.

Note that only the `*` wildcard is supported; you can't use other special characters or regexes.

### Role (optional)

> Specify a role to override the database user's default role. For example, if the database user is `REPORTER` with default role `REPORTER`, but the user also has access to role `REPORTERPRODUCT`, then filling in `REPORTERPRODUCT` in the `Role` field will ensure that the `REPORTERPRODUCT` role is used instead of the user's default `REPORTER` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify a role to override the database user's default role. For example, if the database user `METABASE` has the roles:
- Default role `APPLICATION`.
- Additional role `ANALYTICS`.

You can enter `ANALYTICS` in the Role field to ensure that the `METABASE` user connects to Snowflake using the `ANALYTICS` role by default.
```

For ease of reading, and to make the example more relevant to a db connection.
